Document using Altinity.Cloud with posthog helm charts (#3078)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/marketplace/altinity.md

<img src="/images/marketplace/alinity.png" alt="Altinity Logo" width="100" style={{float: 'right', margin: '0 0 1rem 1rem'}} />

> [Altinity](https://altinity.com) helps enterprises deliver real-time analytics based on ClickHouse anywhere and for any business purpose. Our offerings cover everything needed from project inception to prodution operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Altinity](https://altinity.com) helps enterprises deliver real-time analytics based on ClickHouse anywhere and for any business purpose. Altinity covers everything needed from project inception to production operation.
```
